good morning
it's currently like quarter to five
and i didn't end up sleeping last night
not every day goes perfectly and today
is one of those days for me
just gonna sit in bed and read for a
little bit
okay it's just about six o'clock and i'm
walking to this nearby field where i
should be able to get a good view of the
sunrise
they haven't cut the wheat yet and
when the sun rises on the wheat it's
absolutely gorgeous
i'm actually so glad i didn't sleep i
had my alarm on for early this morning
anyway
because i really really wanted to do
this it's cloudier than i thought it
would
[Music]
as a be
can you see that
[Music]
see there are packers they're not llamas
they are actually very friendly
but usually they don't come up to you so
it was kind of honoured but at the same
time it was
making like a specially noise in its
mouth i don't even know if alpacas can
spit or if they do
that was very cool he got very close to
me before i ran away in pure cowardice
[Music]
so
now i'm not sure if you can tell on
camera but
the wheat looks like it has been ruined
by the dam
i mean i didn't know much about farming
but this wheat doesn't look healthy
so i feel so bad for the farmer
quite
[Music]
and there it is oh my gosh there's a
deer
i'm not sure if you take that off on
camera but oh my goodness that was
incredible it went so slowly
[Music]
okay i'm back and i've got myself some
breakfast but my desk is so
messy like i didn't even know yet
[Music]
i finished my breakfast and i've just
placed the
next a card order which i managed to get
a slot for tomorrow which is good
i feel like i'm way not cool enough to
be drinking out of this
if you're wondering this is an avocado
ice cream tea
so i added a teaspoon of maple syrup to
this and then loads of ice
it's pretty good it is it is quite good
so it's 7
20 and i am now going to
write for 45 minutes i think
i used scrivener to write on and i tried
to write 1000 words every day but
sometimes i end up writing only like
700 words and some days i skip it
i'm trying to challenge myself to write
a different
genre like for 20 minutes every day just
so i can get an idea of like
writing different styles and today i'm
going to try writing romance which i
never write like i don't like writing
romance but i'm gonna do it for the fun
of it and see how it goes
this is actually dervy
basically i went back over to the llama
field and i did the exact same walk but
this time
with my friend millie and her beautiful
dog coco
okay i must say i am severely regretting
wearing a jumper
on this last like warm day of the year
but
i'll change as soon as i get back so
i've invited a friend around to come
camping this evening
i'm hoping it will happen fingers
crossed
because it's such a sunny day that i
want to do something summery
wow it's quite windy okay it's now about
half one and i'm sorry for not checking
in
literally since i got back from my walk
at 12 i had lunch as soon as i got back
and i've actually just been sorting out
my wardrobe so it was quite messy and i
went through
and i just think it looks a lot better
now
i think i'm gonna go outside and read
for a bit because it's such a nice day
as i said and the sun's not gonna last
forever so
i should go make the most of it i'm
starting to get very
very tired
you tired papa
it's so hot that i actually kind of want
to get the slip inside out so i'm going
to see if marth is up for it
it's actually my dad's ranch first oh my
gosh i'm so tired
so with everything
[Music]
i'm now gonna go do some exercise
i will fix this broken heart
baby i won't be sad
next sunday
[Music]
it doesn't matter anyway
okay i've exercised and i've got myself
an iced
chai latte which is very good had a
shower
and got changed into something else i'm
just gonna get some admin bits done now
and then i might read some more i'm
going to take my laptop downstairs
and also my book and i'm going to do
some writing and then some reading
because it's so nice outside and i want
to enjoy the weather but i also
i'm feeling like you know doing
[Music]
something
it's actually really cold it's crisp
like it's
it's proper autumn weather like it feels
like it's autumn
okay so i've just had dinner it was
random i had like
rice cakes and crisps with avocado and
chickpeas
bit
come weird okay i am not actually really
that tired i thought i would be a lot
more tired by this point this actually
happened last time as well
but i'm not i'm going to read eating
animals
and do some journaling and then go to
sleep anyway thank you so much for
watching
and i hope that you have a productive
week